What is written?
This is the capital
Official documents to vigorously support the TV industry
What!
The capital will suddenly support without news
The current valuation of this project
It has been reached.
200 billion, hahaha.
Our decision to invest in this project is 10 billion
Half the valuation of the project is 100 billion
If we don't raise the investment to 100 billion
You have to make 10 times the profit.
Ah hahahahaha more than ten times
As long as there are Du Fu's clothes
The future development is certainly immeasurable
The value can continue to skyrocket
Hahahahaha family head
Members of the family council
So this is the latest project that we're working on at Fanmao.
Our project will begin with the production of power batteries
It includes wind energy.
Water energy light energy
Renewable fuels, etc
The entire complete industrial layout
After it is built
It will become the largest in the country
Yeah.
The world's only new type with an industry-wide layout
Energy project
You just said
The planning for this project was done by Fan'er
Yes!
I didn't expect him to be so stubborn
To be able to make such a perfect plan
Could it be that
His previous behavior was to pretend to be a pig and eat a tiger
Even if the project gets Du Fu
Valuation skyrocketed by hundreds of billions
That investment is only equal to the return
The investment amount and return are the same
That's not spending money on fireworks. What is it?